Prepare release 2.1.0 (#101)
exasol/script-languages-container-ci: doc/changes/changes_2.1.0.md

# 2.1.0 - 2025-05-28

> This release provides an option for building and push release Script-Languages-Container and includes a small improvement for preparing the output directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release provides an option for building and pushing SLC releases and includes a small improvement for preparing the output directory.
```
